hello to klaus applies to many
barbecue friends today we do art
and that is what the line does
these are greek tanks which
feel like fathers
they 're supposed to grill themselves
already real men are doing that now
on what nokia have fun yes friends
for our easy fast and delicious
greek banks which the
mannheimer they are what you need
couple thing at the same time and indeed have
We first 700 grams
fact is half cow half silent
This is absolutely necessary for that
we have sons fathers here
Cube with today you can do it yourself
I have now finished buying
So depending on how you feel like
then I have a great vision here and
I hope I have the catalog ready
same thing works for works pdf
directly under the video
then we have ten twelve slices
basin and as always agile sharp
knife and a board welcome in
germany critical teeth i have
rubber gloves a little fun team
calm to knead you will find
rubber gloves getting better now only
Here are three jute tablespoons of ours
globe people tuned
the revanche is maybe a bit
a lot but ultimately it is so
is everything from afternoon I am my friend
a bit over spice is the
bacon therefore we need to be better
and now knead each other up
my beautiful a school consistency
so far so have a bit
peace moves on increases must
pulls apart and here so threads
then, at last, it is time to form
time where soon start to shape and
To form I'm so clear up
100 was why in this burger so partie
a bit and then I just hit myself
two three four dice he had 43
how big they are by being so pure
and strike ending rum up
and now roy martina has that
right reason is that for one
even surface gets so almost
normal
Photo nervous look so he again
Down clubs is and transfers with all
score between 7 and 5 to 10
piece depending on get out but comes
but how big you make me
personally not too big so that is
It's already the biggest size you can
otherwise it should take longer to grow
too long relationship which are now
let's grab our ours
and how can you do that once
direction 1 in basin and then practical
just cross over again
that was such a little sweet bacon
parcel we have are loud 7
which and the choice has now too
under smoker already knew one
little of the smoker is now at 150
Grad heated, but we will now
heat up a bit further because
because of wrong conclusion and power
It's best if you're in between
180 and 220 degrees romp around
That's why I'm throwing a bit now
from the cemetery and now the
an estimated forty-five minutes to
hour and then they should
can continue to come now completely
nice of that thing down despite the
magath so beautiful i dont know
maybe somehow still moved
He is certain that the way with roses would be
have beautifully put together as
it goes down and the crisis
falls where he should not go away
which yes girlfriend Rachael shot around
but the voltage is rising
we will be with a pretty sight
rewards and the company you get from the
heat free sale or look the same
speak currently and rather little crisis where
now a bit tallest may well
sometimes happen to one or the other
problem because the post in the backlash
machine down looking whatever clean
and wise of the cheese in it now lies
we only have one thing left to do
not all cost so look up now
the board as we said quickly
nobody on
then New Year's Eve is too fast
by yes the horny nice cheese in it
the basin out of rum and very spicy
Hack meat looks cool anyway
what use us all if you cost
money that does not work out here now
costs and credits simply voluntarily
good does the worse fates
so coffin this classic likes it
through this blu rays wirtz mixture
anyway outside on this smoke
I like the tank great thing
Also this cheese is creamy you think
have this relatively fast after
make it worthwhile to do it directly
either for smoker surface
Kugelgrill emergency should be
Gas Grill will not work
makes a stove goes natural
only if yes I hope now
Have fun with the video
If you liked it I am glad
always very over thumb up over
one or two goodwill
Comment or of course if he is one
Channel subscribed or my second channel
I just drove off
somewhere all the necessary info and
smoke aldi I have in a separate
videos link you to high up here
below or or description of therefore
until next time klaus kröll fine
yellow cow makes muh